Final Project Proposal
1. Team member names
Team: Bruce Turner
2. Project title: Bucket
Maintain and manipulate a SQL database of “bucket” list items, another words those
 tasks the user desires to accomplish, experience, achieve, etc. 
I have maintained such a list, handwritten, for decades.

3. Description of the project
My objective is to have a database which allows some limited flexibility in displaying,
 editing, and searching a list of events that for whatever reason I literally “…want to do”
 prior to the end of the journey in this dimension (death).

I note the abstract nature of an “event”, for example visiting a place  (Victoria Falls), 
performing some action (donating $5000 to a worthy cause or enterprise), or 
experiencing something (Biking the Danube River), or graduating GRCC Software 
Development, or meeting my grandson who turns three this month.

Security should be enforced with username & password. Provision for simple queries 
to be structured (by geographic area, or estimated financial investment,  time frame, 
etc.) For example, say I am visiting my grandson (a task event) who lives with his 
mother in Philadelphia. Perhaps I would search the data base to see what other tasks 
are in that area (two birds with one stone).

Some data structures fall out logically, since all bucket list entries involve geographic 
area, have associated temporal quantities, some priority, and other objects.
The real payoff here is to establish a tool that will be helpful, fun, and has some 
personal long term gratification involved.

An equally powerful desire is to cement some of the many elements that have been 
covered during the course of IT 328. I am close to being “familiar” enough to
 work with JavaScript, HTML/CSS, and PHP. Yet to be covered are PDO’s,
 and integrating use of SQL (it has been a year this past winter since IT 305, 
and JavaScript IT 207 last summer). That is the real payoff. I could quickly lose 
any skills from Spring 2019 over the summer.
